annot: wash the clams with a brush
ACTID: 0
PRED: wash
[DOBJ, food] the clams (-1)
[PP, other, with] a brush (-1)
annot: Chop some bacon, celery, white onion, potatoes
ACTID: 1
PRED: chop
[DOBJ, food] some bacon (-1), celery (-1), white onion (-1), potatoes (-1)
annot: Cook the bacon in a pan
ACTID: 2
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] the bacon (1)
[PP, location, in] a pan (-1)
annot: boil the clam in a pot of water
ACTID: 3
PRED: boil
[DOBJ, food] the clam (0)
[PP, location, in] a pot of water (-1)
annot: Take the clams out
ACTID: 4
PRED: take
[DOBJ, food] the clams (3)
annot: drain the juice
ACTID: 5
PRED: drain
[DOBJ, food] the juice (-1)
[PP, food, ] (4)
annot: Cook the chopped vegetable in a pan
ACTID: 6
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] the chopped vegetable (1)
[PP, location, in] a pan (-1)
annot: Add the clam juice to the pan
ACTID: 7
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the clam juice (5)
[PP, location, to] the pan (6)
annot: Take out the clam meat
ACTID: 8
PRED: take
[DOBJ, food] the clam meat (5)
annot: chop to small pieces
ACTID: 9
PRED: chop
[DOBJ, food] (8)
[PP, food, to] small pieces (-1)
annot: heat some butter in a pot
ACTID: 10
PRED: heat
[DOBJ, food] some butter (-1)
[PP, location, in] a pot (-1)
annot: add some flour
ACTID: 11
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] some flour (-1)
[PP, food, ] (10)
annot: Add some heavy cream
ACTID: 12
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] some heavy cream (-1)
[PP, food, ] (11)
annot: whisk
ACTID: 13
PRED: whisk
[DOBJ, food] (12)
annot: Add the cooked vegetable to the cream mixture
ACTID: 14
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the cooked vegetable (7)
[PP, food, to] the cream mixture (13)
annot: Add the clam meat, bacon and a tin of corn to the mixture
ACTID: 15
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the clam meat (9), bacon (2), a tin of corn (-1)
[PP, food, to] the mixture (14)
annot: Stir
ACTID: 16
PRED: stir
[DOBJ, food] (15)
annot: cook until it is ready to serve
ACTID: 17
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] (16)